\ TYPES
 
A calculator is a thing with a case, a display and some buttons.
A case is a thing with a box and a color.
A display is a thing with a box, a color, a font color and a font.
A button is a thing with a box, a color, a font color, a font and a name.
 
\ GLOBAL VARIABLES
 
The machine is a calculator.
 
The left operand is a string.
The right operand is a string.
The operator is a string.
 
\ ROUTINES - MAIN LOOP AND HANDLERS THAT DELEGATE TO EVENT HANDLERS
 
To run:
      Start up.
      Create the machine.
      Handle events.
      Destroy the machine.
      Shut down.
 
To handle events:
      Deque an event.
      If the event is nil, exit.
      Handle the event.
      Repeat.
 
To handle an event:
      If the event's kind is "set cursor", handle the event (set cursor); exit.
      If the event's kind is "refresh", handle the event (refresh); exit.
      If the event's kind is "left click", handle the event (left click); exit.
      If the event's kind is "left double click", handle the event (left click); exit. \ for fast entry
      If the event's kind is "key down", handle the event (key down); exit.
 
\ ROUTINES - EVENT HANDLERS
 
To handle an event (left click):
      Find a button given the event's spot.
      If the button is nil, cluck; exit.
      If the button's name is "AC", handle all clear; exit.
      If the button's name is "=", handle equal; exit.
      If the button's name is "+", handle new operator using the button's name; exit.
      If the button's name is "-", handle new operator using the button's name; exit.
      If the button's name is "*", handle new operator using the button's name; exit.
      If the button's name is "/", handle new operator using the button's name; exit.
      Handle new digit using the button's name.
 
To handle an event (key down):
      If the event's key is the escape key, quit; exit.
      If the event's key is the backspace key, handle backspace; exit.
      If the event's key is the enter key, handle equal; exit.
      If the event's byte is "+", handle new operator using "+"; exit.
      If the event's byte is "-", handle new operator using "-"; exit.
      If the event's byte is "*", handle new operator using "*"; exit.
      If the event's byte is "/", handle new operator using "/"; exit.
      Put the event's byte into a string.
      If the event's byte is between the zero byte and the nine byte, handle new digit using the string; exit.
      Cluck.
 
To handle an event (set cursor):
      Show the arrow cursor.
 
To handle an event (refresh):
      Show everything.
 
\ ROUTINES - CALCULATOR BUTTON HANDLERS
 
To handle all clear:
      Put "0" into the left operand.
      Put "0" into the right operand.
      Clear the operator.
      Show everything.
 
To handle backspace:
      Remove the last byte from the right operand.
      If the right operand is blank, put "0" into the right operand.
      Show everything.
 
To handle equal:
      Calculate.
      Clear the operator.
      Show everything.
 
To handle new digit given a digit string:
      If the right operand's length is 9, cluck; exit.
      If the right operand is "0", clear the right operand.
      Append the digit to the right operand.
      Show everything.
 
To handle new operator given an op string:
      If the operator is not blank, handle equal.
      Put the op into the operator.
      Put the right operand into the left operand.
      Clear the right operand.
 
\ ROUTINES - OTHER HELPERS
 
To calculate:
      If the operator is blank, exit.
      Convert the left operand to a left number.
      Convert the right operand to a right number.
      If the operator is "+", add the right number to the left number.
      If the operator is "-", subtract the right number from the left number.
      If the operator is "*", multiply the left number by the right number.
      If the operator is "/", divide the left number by the right number.
      Convert the left number to the right operand.
      Put "0" into the left operand.
 
To find a button given a spot:
      Void the button.
      Loop.
      Get the button from the machine's buttons.
      If the button is nil, exit.
      If the spot is in the button's box, exit.
      Repeat.
 
\ ROUTINES - SHOW AND DRAW ROUTINES
 
To show everything:
      Draw and fill the screen's box with the black color.
      Draw the machine.
      Refresh the screen.
 
To draw a calculator:
      Draw the calculator's case.
      Draw the calculator's display.
      Draw the calculator's buttons.
 
To draw a case:
      Draw and fill the case's box with the case's color.
 
To draw a display:
      Draw and fill the display's box with the display's color.
      Put the display's box into another box.
      Subtract 1/8 inch from the other box's right.
      Draw the right operand at the right of the other box with the display's font color and the display's font.
 
To draw some buttons:
      Get a button from the buttons.
      If the button is nil, exit.
      Draw the button.
      Repeat.
 
To draw a button:
      Draw and fill the button's box with the button's color.
      Draw the button's name in the center of the button's box with the button's font color and the button's font.
 
\ ROUTINES - CREATE ROUTINES
 
To create a calculator:
      Allocate memory for the calculator.
      Create the calculator's case.
      Create the calculator's display given the calculator's case.
      Create the calculator's buttons given the calculator's case.
      Handle all clear.
 
To create a case:
      Allocate memory for the case.
      Make the case's box with 0 and 0 and 3-1/4 inches and 4 inches.
      Center the case's box in the screen's box.
      Put the lightest gray color into the case's color.
 
To create a display given a case:
      Allocate memory for the display.
      Put the case's box into the display's box.
      Indent the display's box 1/4 inch.
      Put the display's top plus 1/2 inch into the display's bottom.
      Put the black color into the display's color.
      Put the cyan color into the display's font color.
      Put "osmosian" and 1/2 inch in the display's font.
 
To create some buttons given a case:
      Put the case's left plus 1/4 inch into a left.
      Put the case's top plus 1 inch into a top. 
      Add a button with "7" and the left and the top to the buttons.
      Add another button with "8" and the left plus 3/4 inch and the top to the buttons.
      Add a third button with "9" and  the left plus 1-1/2 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add a fourth button with "/" and the left plus 2-1/4 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add 3/4 inch to the top.
      Add a fifth button with "4" and the left and the top to the buttons.
      Add a sixth button with "5" and the left plus 3/4 inch and the top to the buttons.
      Add a seventh button with "6" and the left plus 1-1/2 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add a eighth button with "*" and the left plus 2-1/4 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add 3/4 inch to the top.
      Add a ninth button with "1" and the left and the top to the buttons.
      Add a tenth button with "2" and the left plus 3/4 inch and the top to the buttons.
      Add a eleventh button with "3" and the left plus 1-1/2 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add a twelfth button with "-" and the left plus 2-1/4 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add 3/4 inch to the top.
      Add a thirteenth button with "AC" and the left and the top to the buttons.
      Add a fourteenth button with "0" and the left plus 3/4 inch and the top to the buttons.
      Add a fifteenth button with "=" and the left plus 1-1/2 inches and the top to the buttons.
      Add a sixteenth button with "+" and the left plus 2-1/4 inches and the top to the buttons.
 
To add a button with a name and a left and a top to some buttons: 
      Allocate memory for the button.
      Append the button to the buttons.
      Put the name into the button's name.
      Make the button's box with the left and the top and the left plus 1/2 inch and the top plus 1/2 inch.
      Put the white color into the button's color.
      If the name is not any numeric literal, put the light gray color into the button's color.
      Put the black pen into the button's font color.
      Put "osmosian" and 1/2 inch into the button's font.